README: add python client in How do I use it section (#6136)
tldr-pages/tldr: README.md

    npm install -g tldr

> You can also use the fully-featued [official Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client), which can be installed via `pip3`.

Reviewer: What do you think?
```suggestion
You can also use the fully-featued, [official Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client), which can be installed via `pip3`.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also use the fully-featured [official Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which can be installed via `pip3`.
```

Author: maybe something like `You can also use, the ....`

Reviewer: @nicokosi nice catch. I also agree on removing the comma before `which`. But what do you think about the comma in `fully-featured, official Python client`? 

@CleanMachine1 I don't think that's correct in any way.

Author: hmm, reading it again it doesn't make much sense.

Reviewer 3: @nicokosi's suggestion makes the most grammatical sense to me.

    npm install -g tldr

> Or you can use the just as easy to install [python3 client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which is also supported by the tldr-pages project maintainers, however it is available on pip3 which is more likely to be on your computer:

Reviewer 3: This is quite subjective. Specifically `however it is available on pip3 which is more likely to be on your computer` - that all depends on people's setups. Can we make this more objective perhaps?

Author: Yes it is subjective, however most linux distributions have it, and Arch has its community repo  package.

And who has NPM and not python PIP.

I imagine that PIP has a lot more downloads compared to NPM

Author: I'll find a solution

Author: Or you can use the just as easy to install [python3 client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client) which is also supported by the tldr-pages project maintainers, however it is available on pip which you may have installed over npm

Reviewer 4: How about this.
```suggestion
You can also use the [official Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client), which is supported by the tldr-pages project maintainers as well.
```

Author: Yes that works completely however I feel that the average newb, especially Linux users might have not have NPM but might have pip preinstalled.

And from what I have seen, the python client from pip is better than the haskell client in multiple ways for example customization and command passing, eg `tldr git what-changed` doesn't work

Reviewer: How about
```suggestion
You can also use the [official Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client), which is customizable and has lots of features and can be installed via `pip3`.
```
I think `which is supported by the tldr-pages project maintainers` is not nessecary, since that's already implied by `official`.

Author: Thats fine, however if one has any other good ideas I'll leave this open.

Reviewer 3: Hrm. What about this?
```suggestion
You can also use the [official Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client), which can be installed via `pip3`.
```

Reviewer: I think it's good to know the difference between the python client and the others and `customizable and has lots of features` is objective enough to include it.

Reviewer 3: How does one define `lots of features` though? Isn't the Node.js client customisable too with a config file?

Reviewer: Hm, that wasn't as objective as I thought. How about 
```suggestion
You can also use the fully-featued [official Python client](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-python-client), which can be installed via `pip3`.
```
to at least indicate that it doesn't lack any features?

    pip3 install tldr

> 

Reviewer 5: Double enter here:
```suggestion
```

Author: I did see that, just oppressed it for an unknown reason
